[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>REGINA MEREDITH:
Our fascination
with revised ancient history
is endless, but to what end?
According to Jason
Quitt, it's an invitation
to heal our collective
and personal pasts.
As a lifelong experiencer
of strange phenomena,
he has taken some profound
journeys, some of which
he will share with us in
this interview right now.
And, I mean, there's
so much to talk about.
Off-camera I said, god,
we could talk for hours.
We're going to be
hopscotching around.
So, I just want the audience
to know, we're probably
going to go on one tangential
journey after another,
because that's your
experience in life.
>>JASON QUITT: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: So,
welcome to the show.
First of all, let's just start
talking about the beginning,
for those who don't know
who you are already,
and what your life was
like as a little kid,
and just take it from there.
>>QUITT: Sure.
I grew up with a
very strong memory,
and that memory was me coming
to this planet as a child.
I remember going
through a dark portal
and then ending up in a
place that kind of looked
like an airport, and there
were lots of children there,
just small children going
down these hallways.
And from my child's
perspective, it
looked like that these ladies
were almost like airline
stewardesses directing these
children, and one of them
said to me, it's now time for
you to choose your parents.
And they took me
down another hallway,
and this hallway had
these small little doors,
and they opened a small little
door and I went through,
and it was almost like I
went into this movie theater
and this portal opened
up in front of me,
and I got to sit there
and view my parents.
Moments of their
lives, their wedding.
And I was just
sitting there so happy
that I can view my parents, and
I knew I was going to be born,
I was very excited, and the
next thing I knew I was here.
And when I first started
to learn how to talk,
I would tell my mother, aren't
you happy I chose you, ma?
And mothers would say,
well, that's something
very cute a child would say.
But for me, it actually
came from a memory.
It came from a place
that was very strong.
And I just thought
that was normal,
we all had these memories,
we all choose our parents,
we all live past lives.
It was almost like I
came into this world
already with that knowing,
and even at an early age--
and I mean early, like
four or five years old,
I was already having past life
memories coming back to me.
And these past
life memories, they
were all extremely traumatic.
So, it's almost like when you
go back in these past lives,
it's usually viewing your death.
So, as a child, I would actually
go on these journeys or visions
out of body, where I would have
relive these past life deaths.
And some of them were very, very
gruesome, very hard to watch.
And as a child, I
thought, what is this?
What's going on?
And then the more
that it happened,
I started to realize
that I was actually
watching another me at
their last moments of life.
So, for me growing up,
I always had this sense
that we live many
lives, that we come
here, we choose our
path and our purpose
and our parents for certain
reasons, and even as a child,
I would say I was
gifted, or psychic.
I would always have things
coming into the room at night,
my closet door would always
open in the middle of the night,
and it always was very scary.
Very scary.
I'd always run to the door
and try to close that door,
and in the middle of the
night, it would just open
and there would be this
being standing in my closet.
>>REGINA: Tell us
about the being.
>>QUITT: You know,
from a child's mind
it looked like a scarecrow.
And it really did.
It looked like-- the
only way I could describe
it is a dehydrated
person, and from far away,
it just looks like a
shadow, this dark shadow.
And I never really understood
what it was there for,
but at nighttime, sometimes
it would take me on journeys.
And at first it was almost
like they were taking me
on time travel
journeys where it's
like, if I looked out
the window of the house,
it would be a
different environment.
So, it's almost like a dream.
So you're looking back into
time and it looks like fields,
like a farmer's field.
And then they would take
me down into my basement
and they would take
me to some room
and they'd show that
there's a coffin there,
and they would open
the coffin I would
see this figure
inside this coffin
and it was almost like they were
trying to show me or tell me
that either this was them or
this was me in a past life.
I don't have the
answers from a child,
but I would often
run to my parents.
You know, because
you're a child.
>>REGINA: Did they believe you
and what you were experiencing,
or did they think it was
mostly your imagination?
>>QUITT: Oh, they
just calmed me down.
Because a lot of
these experiences,
especially the past life
ones, were so traumatic
that, you know--
>>REGINA: Sure.
You feel everything again.
>>QUITT: Oh, yeah.
And you can barely express
what just happened to you.
And a parent obviously
loves their child,
they calm the child
down and they say,
everything's all right,
it's just a nightmare.
And everybody has nightmares, so
I just believed that what I saw
and what I did was
something called nightmares,
and that was perfectly normal,
and everybody did what I did.
So, I just lived normally.
And even the house I grew up
in, definitely a paranormal.
It was-- you know, I would
walk past my basement
and I would hear talking, or
conversations, in my basement,
and then I'll follow the
voices and they just disappear.
>>REGINA: But your parents
didn't experience these things
or hear these things?
>>QUITT: No, it was just me--
and my brother.
My brother, as well,
had these experiences.
I would say his were a
little more traumatic,
or I would say funnier.
My brother also had paranormal
activity in our house
that we grew up in, and one of
the most memorable things that
happened was, at nighttime,
he said that somebody pulled
his pillow out
from under his head
and started hitting him with it.
And when he went
to fight back, he
said the pillow flew
across the room.
And then he ran into my
bedroom to wake me up,
and he starts hitting me,
thinking that I was in his room
hitting him with the pillow.
But it wasn't.
It was just some weird force.
>>REGINA: I did another story
with a mother in England
who has a son who's like you.
He's known for his abilities.
But it was the very
same thing growing up.
It was both of them.
It was he and the brother.
So I don't--
I find that kind of interesting,
because you kind of come out
with that.
What has your brother
done with that?
>>QUITT: My brother
is very grounded
and spiritual, great
guy, but he hasn't really
spoken publicly about the
things that he's witnessed.
And he's told me some things
that he's been through
or he's seen, and
they're amazing stories--
>>REGINA: But he doesn't
give you permission
to talk about them, per se?
>>QUITT: It would
be very off topic,
but I definitely
could get into it.
>>REGINA: Well, we could, but
first of all, just kind of-- we
have so much else to talk about.
But he's OK with
you sharing, he just
doesn't want to have to take
that kind of fire right now?
>>QUITT: Oh, yeah.
Well, I mean, I used to have
beings come and visit me
at nighttime.
And I was practicing
qigong one night,
and it was almost
like this explosion
happened inside my body.
Like, you could actually
hear the explosion.
It was a very
strange experience.
And I have a close
friend in the family who
is a psychic and channeler, so
I immediately called them up
and I say, this very strange
thing happened to me.
I was doing qigong, I had
this explosion happen,
and it shook my whole body.
What happened?
And they started to channel
for me and they said,
you just entered
into a new dimension.
You've expanded your awareness
Your fields are different now.
And then they said,
you're going to be
invisible to those beings that
have been coming and visiting
you because you're not in
their dimensions anymore.
That night-- and this is when
I still lived at home with
my mother and my brother--
that night, a bunch of
beings visited my brother
and started to interrogate him.
They were asking
him, where am I?
>>REGINA: Interesting.
>>QUITT: Where did I go?
>>REGINA: That was
wonderful validation.
>>QUITT: So he knocks on
my door the next morning,
and he's like, Jay, I've
got something to tell you.
And he goes, these beings
came, and they were actually
very rude.
They were, like, almost
interrogating me.
Where is Jason?
And I can't tell you
what he told them,
but he basically told
them to go take a hike.
>>REGINA: Mhm.
We can guess.
>>QUITT: And it
just validated what
happened in my
qigong experience,
from that explosion
that I experienced,
and then from the
channeler, who also said,
you shifted out of a dimension.
>>REGINA: I think It's a
good place to jump out on,
because this is
happening a lot of times
when we're unaware of it.
When people have
their experiences,
sometimes they are shifting
kind of frequency [? bands. ?]
I've had some of my own
experience in that area.
But let's talk about
the nature-- we
are multi-dimensional
to begin with.
Let's talk about
the ways in which
we can shift into
another band, and what
the repercussions of that are.
And I want to get into
the whole notion of time,
the notion of parallel
lives, all of it.
So, let's just start with
multi-dimensionality.
>>QUITT: Sure.
Well, you know,
we're experiencing
this third-dimensional
world through our senses,
and there are things outside
of us that we're unaware of.
But we actually have bodies,
or awarenesses, outside of us
that we just haven't
awakened yet,
or we're just not aware of.
And when I started
to awaken, it first
started with me leaving my body.
>>REGINA: Out-of-body
experience.
>>QUITT: Out-of-body experience.
So that was my
first introduction
into multi-dimensionality.
So it's like, when
you meet someone
that had a near-death
experience,
or someone who has
astral traveled or left
their body, for them, it's
like everything in their world
changes because,
finally, they understand
that there's more to life than
this third-dimensional space.
And it's actually a
very freeing thing,
because once you
get out of your body
and you realize that there
is more after death, even--
you're eternal, your
energy, your consciousness
is outside of your body, and
your body is just basically
your vessel to explore the
third-dimensional worlds.
So, everybody's
talking about ascension
and what ascension is.
For me, ascension is not
disappearing or a rapture--
>>REGINA: No.
>>QUITT: --or
anything like that.
>>REGINA: Not at all.
>>QUITT: For me, ascension
is expanding your awareness
outside of your senses,
and that is extremely
freeing and enlightening.
And when you speak
to people that
have been outside of their
body, or near death experience,
they'll tell you that it's more
real than the physical world.
It has this almost
surreal reality
that, once you enter it,
you know that this is real.
It's almost like
we're living the dream
in the physical world.
>>REGINA: Yeah, very true.
I mean, even when you--
as you mentioned a
little while ago,
even when you pass
into past lifetimes,
it's more real, more
visceral, more memorable
than what we are
doing right now,
just going back into that field
of what occurred-- supposedly,
then or now.
>>QUITT: And what I realized
is, the most important thing
out of those past life
journeys is to feel.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>QUITT: It's that emotion.
You're carrying that
emotion from life to life.
And I can't tell you how
many times I've gone back
to past lives where it's
almost like you're processing
that death that maybe
wasn't processed back then,
or maybe you're ready
to process it now.
And as you process it, you're
releasing such deep emotions
that you literally feel
your cells opening up.
It's like they crack, and
suddenly these things come out
of you, and it changes you.
It really does shift
and change you.
So, for me, ascension
is moving your awareness
outside of your
body and becoming
a multi-dimensional being.
And this gets into time
travel, gets into ghosts--
>>REGINA: Oh, we'll
get into as much
as we can in this
short amount of time.
Let me just ask you
one question, just kind
of a little personal survey.
>>QUITT: Of course.
>>REGINA: When you go into--
when you've gone into
past life experiences,
do you know do you notice
whether you're dominantly male
in those incarnations?
>>QUITT: Yes.
>>REGINA: Yes.
I'm asking because I
ask a lot of people
what they notice when they go.
For me, I can recall a couple of
times in which I was male, very
ancient times, but it's
always female, otherwise.
And I think, for
most people, it's
the same, which does have
its own range of experience
with it.
Because I can dream time--
men, oftentimes,
like you say, when
you go to these
past lives, they're
such awful, oftentimes
bloody, gory, violent deaths
because of the nature of
men's occupations up--
well, even now, I suppose.
Can you talk about
that a little bit?
>>QUITT: Oh, I would
completely agree.
And I listen to
other people tell me
about their
spiritual awakenings,
the spiritual visions they
have, and a lot of them
are so beautiful
and so enlightening.
And I tell them, I wish my
experience was like yours.
>>REGINA: Were they women?
>>QUITT: They were
mostly women, yes.
>>REGINA: I was going to
say, that's probably why.
>>QUITT: With me,
they were, you know,
let's throw Jason into
a war for a night.
You know?
>>REGINA: Yeah, exactly.
>>QUITT: Let's give him trauma.
>>REGINA: But men carry--
let's talk about that.
Men carry a
different kind, but I
would say, a higher amount
of trauma in their beings,
in the aura, in their
memory field, than women do.
Women have control, rape, all
these other kinds of things.
There are other kinds of abuses.
But to repeat heatedly be
sent, for example, into battle,
lifetime after
lifetime, what have you
noticed by way of
collective trauma?
>>QUITT: It's an
excellent question
because it really bothered me
for a very long time, where
I'd go back to past lives.
Like, I remember
lifetimes in Japan,
and I can't even tell
you how gruesome that is.
>>REGINA: Yeah, no,
you don't need to.
Vivisection, all
kinds of things.
Yeah.
>>QUITT: And the thing
is, is that collectively,
men have this very ancient
trauma which makes them--
and we've carried it for so
long, and we've met each other,
and you can see how soft and
sensitive I am in real life.
It's like, I've been
through so much,
and all my past lives are
so gruesome that I've even
been told that,
in this life, I've
chosen the complete
opposite so that I
can work that energy out.
And I've been told and
taught that to be incarnate
and to be a being in
this world, in any world,
we have to play all roles.
It's part of the experience.
So, you can't be the
devil or the angel,
you have just experience.
And so it's all about this
polarity of consciousness.
So, if I would go
back in a past life
that's very
traumatic or warlike,
and when you're doing
not so nice things,
and then you go to lifetimes
where you're priests
and healers and shamans,
and it's almost like
you have this
polarity of extremes,
and you're taking those
experiences of those extremes
and you're using them to
better your experience now
in this life.
>>REGINA: Mhm.
I did a show recently
on dreams, and one thing
the man was talking about--
my guest was talking about--
was the nature of the types
of dreams men and women have.
And with men,
they're more fearful,
they often have more
violence in them.
Women's are more collective, a
lot more people in the dreams.
And in this kind of
collective dream of humanity,
I mentioned to him one
thing I've noticed--
and I'd like to know
your perception of it--
is that, I know a number
of men who I've talked to,
we talk about
dreams, and they'll
say they're no longer capable
of being violent in the dream
time.
>>QUITT: Hm.
I think it has to do with
the energy that you carry.
So, when you go through
inner transformation,
your dreams will change,
your experience will change.
And I really think--
I use the word think--
I really believe
and think that we're
part of this group
consciousness, this group mind,
and it has to do with the
Earth's magnetic field
and the photons of the sun.
There's some type of
correlation between this.
And I'm starting to see
more and more of that.
In ancient times, they
talk about this thing
called the "Book of Life,"
where your life is recorded,
and I believe everything that
we think and everything we do
gets recorded in the
Earth's magnetic field
so that when beings
come and incarnate here,
they may come from other
worlds and other planets
and they have no idea of
what a human experience is,
so when they get here, because
of the path they've chosen,
they actually inherit a
collective memory of what
it is to be human.
So, that's why there's
so many people that
claim to be the same
being from the past,
or have the same memories
of the past life,
because we're all tapped
in to this Book of Life,
or this Akashic memory
of the planet, which
helps us experience who we
>>REGINA: And you've had some of
those own experiences yourself.
And let's talk
about, when you're
talking about the
Akashic record, one time
jettisoned out of my body--
and I think I had actually
crossed into dream time--
I was seeing those vector points
and where the information was
kind of held in those vector
points of the lines crossing.
And a fair amount of
grid stuff has happened,
including in the past life--
Atlantian life thing,
where I was talking
about the sun and this grid and
how we just ruined it when--
it was when, the big boom.
You know?
And that.
And you have seen
these grids, as well.
And let's talk a little bit
about what that grid is about,
and about information
being held,
before we move into
the nature of time.
>>QUITT: Sure.
And the best way
to describe it is,
it's almost like the
interweb, or the internet,
of consciousness.
And you have all these
networks of memories
of collective consciousness,
and it's almost
like a neural
network of pathways.
So, when we're in
a certain resonance
or a certain energetic
field, or born
in a certain place
at a certain time,
we're inherently connected
to all these different grid
systems, which will
help our experience
and help us connect
to the knowledge
that we'll take forward
in our lifetime.
And many people can
actually see this grid.
And you've said you've
seen this grid, too.
I could be having a
conversation with you,
and I'll see these vectors.
>>REGINA: Yes,
that's what I see.
>>QUITT: And they're, like--
>>REGINA: And it lights
up at certain points,
where they cross.
>>QUITT: It lights up at
certain points, right.
And so when I'm having a
conversation with someone,
I can see, OK, they're
getting information
from this world, this
dimension, this being,
and that's going to prompt
them to say something.
So, it's amazing to watch how
this whole interconnectedness
of consciousness works.
And even, let's say, I'll talk
to a person, I'll see this--
it's like this spark,
just a spark opens up.
>>REGINA: Purple, or?
>>QUITT: All different colors.
>>REGINA: All different colors?
>>QUITT: It could be any
color, depending on the person.
And it just opens
up next to them,
and I'll feel that
wave of energy,
and the person feels
it, and I'll say,
there's a higher being
sitting next to you
or standing next to you.
And they're like,
yeah, I can feel it.
So it's almost like--
that's with the physical
eyes, I can see that.
So, there's all this
interconnectedness.
And just by the way we think,
and how we resonate with,
we activate these grids.
And I've actually been
told, on the other side,
that being physical,
having your feet
on the ground in
this physical world,
is the most important
thing, because you're almost
like this connection between
these dimensional worlds
and the physical world, and
every step that you take,
you carry these amazing
universal grids within you.
And when you step on the
Earth with your feet,
you're connecting
your universal grids
to the universal
grids of the Earth,
and you're lighting
up all these fields,
and you're activating
different energy systems
through time and space.
So just by being
incarnate, you're
actually doing a service by
connecting and activating
these grids of consciousness
that you're describing.
>>REGINA: Hm.
The one I mentioned a
bit ago about Atlantis,
which I've mentioned on a
couple of other occasions,
it was that the end time,
and Dolores Cannon--
the late Dolores Cannon--
did a regression
with me and ended up
in convoluted universe.
But the point being,
among everything
that was going on at that
time, that sad, sad day, was--
and I was crying, saying, we've
ruined this delicate matrix,
this relationship between
the Earth and the sun
that's been so
carefully developed.
And we don't think
about what happens
when we have destructive
events upon the planet.
For example, with all
the nuclear testing
that happened decades
ago all over this planet,
did you ever get any
insight as to what that does
to disrupt the larger field?
>>QUITT: I think we're all
feeling the effect of it now.
And it's almost like,
when you collapsed,
when the grid collapsed, that
was consciousness fields.
So, you have people that their
consciousness is connected
to these very fine
grids that are set up,
and when it
collapses, it's almost
like you lose your
collective memory.
>>REGINA: Interesting,
because I know
I didn't go far enough
into that regression
to see what that
grid actually meant.
I was just saying what
I was saying then,
and we're out of it.
And so that has to do
with consciousness,
but is it a
consciousness that also
is taking place
between the Earth
and cosmic systems
and ourselves?
>>QUITT: There's no
separation of that.
There's no separation.
The Earth grids
and the Sun grids,
the Sun's connect to all
the suns in the universe
through these grids,
they're out in space,
they come down here to
the Earth grids, which
is the magnetic fields of the
Earth and the etheric lines,
and we're part of that.
We are made up of the same
grids, the same photons run
through us, the same magnetic
fields run through us.
So as we're experiencing
this world, our thoughts,
our emotion, our energy that
we generate here actually goes
through the earth grids,
goes up to the sun grids,
the sun grids reach all the
other suns, and there's--
it's almost like we're
co-creating reality.
So with our energies and
our input in time and space,
we send waves of
new consciousness
through the universe,
and the universe then
sends these waves back to us.
>>REGINA: Mhm.
Let's talk about this, the sun--
the central sun
and the visible sun
that we see in our solar
system, and the nature
of what they actually are to us.
>>QUITT: And the
hidden sun within us.
>>REGINA: And the hidden sun.
>>QUITT: Yeah.
So, all these suns are
basically connections
through time and space.
So there are many
people, or many beings,
that can actually leave
their body and travel--
I mean the true word,
stargate, right?
These are stargates.
And they are our source.
We are made of solar energy.
We live in the visible world.
We're made up of photons.
So, our relationship
with the sun,
we are basically solar
consciousness beings.
And because we're solar
consciousness beings,
it's the sun's
energy that is our--
I'll call it the purest
source of our consciousness.
So we go out in the sun, we
can sungaze, we can do qigong,
we can pull these
photons through us,
grow our solar energy
within ourselves
and our body and our
energetic fields,
and when we leave our
body, we are like suns.
We're like illuminated beings.
And we can connect and
resonate to different stars,
different star systems,
and travel the universe,
and be one with the solar
energies, these solar beings.
>>REGINA: Mhm.
In, for example, the
hermetic tradition,
the path back to the sun
is kind of the holy grail
on a consciousness
scale, finding
one's way back into that
true solar pure energy
beyond the need for physical
incarnation, at least
on this planet and
in this dimension.
Any comments there?
>>QUITT: Well, you know,
in religion or in history,
they always talk about, these
archaic, ancient people,
they prayed to the sun, they
were sun worshippers, or--
>>REGINA: Savages.
>>QUITT: Savages.
And in ancient
traditions, I would
say the correct translation
is children of the sun.
>>REGINA: That's right.
That's what they returned
as, children of the sun.
>>QUITT: Yes.
And we're all children of
the sun, and we need the sun.
We have the sun
flowing through us.
And I think it was a
famous biophotonist,
I think his name was [? Pop. ? ]
He came to this conclusion that
the meridian system
of the body--
he called the acupuncture
points solar vacuums.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
>>QUITT: And it would pull--
the acupuncture points
will pull the solar energy
through the acupuncture points,
and it will go like streams
through the meridian system.
>>REGINA: Yeah, makes sense.
>>QUITT: And so we
were like solar vacuums
taking in solar light
energy as our consciousness.
And the more coherent
that light was,
the more pure that light
was, the more enlightened
and awakened and healthy
that person would be.
>>REGINA: OK, let's
flip that, now.
Let's go the other way.
Because you've experienced
having to interface with
and being shown
the other realms.
We know what we are linked to--
quite naturally, if we
choose, this relationship
with the solar forces
and high consciousness,
but we live on a planet that
allows for many dimensions
to interface at the same time.
So, let's talk about some
of the lower dimensions,
or Satanist groups that worship
the low sun, for example.
And you've experience some
intrusion of lower realm
entities and such, at times.
It frightened you a
little bit, as I recall.
>>QUITT: To be here, you have
to deal with these intrusions.
I don't know anybody
that doesn't.
And it's just part of
the experience here,
and it's part of being asleep.
And the reason I say this
is because we grow up
in, I would say,
an altered reality.
It's not our true
vision of a creation,
and we're kept in a
very straight line.
So, we're not supposed to
see outside of that line.
And there are
beings just outside
of our visual realm
that connect to us.
They could even feed us visions.
They could channel
through us, like we
could think we're hearing the
word of God, but it's not.
So there's a lot of
manipulation out there.
And they could actually implant
memories and thought forms
inside of us.
>>REGINA: So we
think they're real.
And we're sincere when we
share these with the world.
Yikes.
>>QUITT: Not only do
we think they're real,
sometimes it comes
in our own voice,
so we think we're
telling ourselves
these grand, amazing things.
And I had to go
through a teaching,
and it's a very
powerful teaching.
It's called "Your Thought
Forms Are Not Your Own".
>>REGINA: Yes.
Let's talk about that.
I remember reading that.
>>QUITT: Yeah.
And it's one of the
most powerful teachings
that I've ever gone through,
because when I was taught this,
they said to me,
whenever a thought pops
into your mind, whenever you
start to visualize something,
or a vision comes to you,
right when it happens,
stop it and say, you are
not my thought forms,
please leave now.
So that became my mantra.
And I was very confused.
I couldn't understand why my
own voice would not be mine.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>QUITT: I couldn't
understand it.
But I continued,
because I trusted,
and I kept saying, you
are not my thought forms,
please leave now.
And something actually
happened to me.
And it was a physical thing.
I felt this thing in
the center of my brain--
it's the only way I
could describe it--
it turned.
And there was a clicking sound.
Like, I felt something
go [CLICK] in the middle
of my brain, and when that
happened, I heard silence--
for the first time in my life,
what silence sounded like.
There was nothing going on
in my mind, no thoughts.
And it just dawned
on me, this is
what maybe the meditators
are trying to achieve,
or this no-mind business.
That's what I was experiencing.
And one night I was sleeping,
and I was having a dream,
and in this dream my own
voice said to me, Jason,
you're going to die.
You have less than
a year to live.
And I'm very sorry to tell you.
And in this dream, I started
to get very emotional.
I said, you know, oh, my
god, I'm going to die.
How am I to tell my
parents, my friends?
What am I going to do?
>>REGINA: What am I
dying of, by the way?
Right?
>>QUITT: Oh, they said cancer.
>>REGINA: Oh, OK, you
had cancer, all right.
>>QUITT: Yeah, they said
I'm dying of cancer,
and I have a year to live.
And suddenly it popped in
my mind, wait a second,
my thought forms are not my own.
And right when I said it,
I popped out of my body.
And I see myself laying in
bed, and there's a being in bed
with me talking in
the back of my head.
And it was the
first time that it
was a visual experience, where
I'm, like, OK, this is real.
There are things that
manipulate our mind.
This is real.
And it made me so angry.
It's so funny,
because you know you
have a spiritual experience,
but your emotion is anger.
>>REGINA: Well, yeah, because
you feel it was an intrusion.
>>QUITT: It's an intrusion.
So I grabbed this
thing and it started
kind of trying to shake and get
away, and I said, who are you?
What are you doing here?
And it started to just
give me gibberish, like,
no sense whatsoever.
And then I said the key words,
are you a being of light?
And I don't know why this works.
I have no idea why this
works, but it just does.
This being calmed right
down and said, right to me,
no, I am not.
>>REGINA: I found
that fascinating.
And of course,
everyone listening
is saying, gee, why
would rat itself
out and say that it was not?
>>QUITT: And I said, you
know, get out of here.
Actually, much worse
things, I said to it.
>>REGINA: Like your brother.
>>QUITT: Yeah.
So, the PG version,
I said, please
leave, and don't come back
and manipulate me again.
You not allowed back here.
So you spiritually
put your foot down.
You cannot manipulate me.
And there was a couple of
very scary aspects of this.
One was that it took
the form of an angel.
It looked beautiful.
And this is where we
really have to be careful,
because these beings, they
can take any form you want.
I've had them come to
me as people I know.
They've come to me as my mother.
You know?
And it's all a big manipulation.
So, you have to
learn how to feel
if that is the real being
or something projecting
a false image.
So, it's very hard for people
to play in these worlds,
because it's very dangerous.
And the second scary
thing was, what if I
believed I was dying of cancer?
Was this being
implanting this program,
and if I took that at that
very deep, subconscious level--
>>REGINA: Sure, you fear it,
you think about it every day
100 times a day.
>>QUITT: It will manifest,
because we are manifestors.
And then this being, whatever
it was, it goes, great.
I have a food source now.
I can feed off of
that emotion now.
I totally get that.
I've interfaced with that
myself, in the same thing.
It's like, no, you are
not a truthful voice,
and that's not my reality.
But it is very
interesting, the ways
in which it can go
into our consciousness.
And this brings
up, to me, a topic
I'm very passionate
about, because there
have to be simple--
relatively simple
rules of discernment
when it comes to this.
Because otherwise we're
down a rabbit hole.
And you have to say,
well, it's case-by-case,
but I don't believe that's true.
I believe there are certain
types of messages that are
simply not from higher realms.
Right?
>>QUITT: Oh, yes.
>>REGINA: And so let's talk
about the type of message
and quality of messages
that we make here
in these states that
are absolutely not
from higher realms, regardless
if it looks like an angel.
>>QUITT: I don't want to
step on any toes here.
>>REGINA: No, you don't have
to be politically correct,
just go for it.
>>QUITT: OK.
There is something going
on, and it feeds off
of the egos of people.
>>REGINA: Ego, absolutely.
>>QUITT: And the thing that
I see most of all in this
is, let's say, a channeler,
or an experiencer,
or even a contactee
that says, I'm
the only person in the world
to have this information.
>>REGINA: Wrong.
>>QUITT: You're
wrong and I'm right.
>>REGINA: Wrong.
>>QUITT: Right.
So, I've dealt with this
in the outer worlds,
and it's a very big problem,
because our belief systems here
are, we're not strong,
we're less than thou,
and anything outside
of us is better than us
or higher than us,
which is not the case.
So, when you leave
your body and you're
starting to deal with different
entities or beings that even
look like angels
or gods, we have
to come from a place
of empowerment.
We can't come from a place
of, you're higher than us,
because once we enter
that, it's a trap.
Therefore, now they
can feed off of you,
you're giving your
energy to them,
and you're actually
making them stronger.
>>REGINA: And you're more
controllable yourself.
>>QUITT: Yes, you're open
to suggestion and control.
For example, you leave your
body and a being comes to you,
I am your god, come with me.
No, you're not.
>>REGINA: No.
No, wrong.
>>QUITT: And then
they just leave.
But most people have that
belief system that, like I said,
anything outside of
us is better than us,
and they will drop on
their knees and pray.
>>REGINA: Oh, boy, you could
get me going for hours on that.
Yikes.
It is so true, and it's
so inappropriate, and sad,
and no longer useful.
>>QUITT: That's right.
So we have to learn.
And I think this is why I'm
out speaking publicly, is
because there's no
one out there that
has a voice that's neutral.
And the voice that's
neutral is saying,
OK, you can get messages, you
can get channeled information,
you can get experiences,
visions, taken on journeys,
but we can't lose our
sense of guidance.
Just because we experience
it doesn't make it true.
All right?
Because there is manipulation.
And that's why, when
I speak to people,
I only focus on the elements
that have helped me in my life.
So, the things that
I've learned over there
is, you need to heal yourself.
I think that was the
best line I've ever
heard on the other side.
>>REGINA: Mhm.
And true.
>>QUITT: Because they
taught me over there--
it was almost the
opposite of what's
being taught now in
the spiritual movement,
because what they preach
on the other side--
it's not preaching.
What they tell you on the other
side is self-responsibility,
you're in control, you have
to take back your energy
and become whole, and your
spiritual journey is yours.
I'll say there's a lot of talk
right now of ascension or mass
awakening or--
and the most
dangerous thing they
taught me, the most dangerous
thing they taught me
about this world--
and I'll just say it--
is the savior complex.
They said that is the
single greatest problem
in our consciousness, is
something outside of us
is going to save us.
And there's a new
word for it now.
It's called interventious--
>>REGINA: Interventionism.
>>QUITT: Interventionism.
Whereas, we sit back, we
take no responsibility,
we listen to all the
beautiful things,
and somebody else is
handling it for us.
And it's the same
type of program
that religion has been using
for thousands of years.
It's just taken another form.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
This is very convenient for
lower realms to keep people,
essentially, passive.
>>QUITT: And when
you awaken, I don't
want to tell people it's fun.
It's not a fun thing, to awaken.
>>REGINA: Because it does
require personal responsibility
and confronting one's
own inner demons.
>>QUITT: Yeah, that's right.
And because, when
you leave your body,
you take all your
energy with you.
So, if you're carrying
distortions of consciousness,
you're going to attract the
worst beings towards you.
So a lot of people
say to me, Jason,
please teach me how
to leave my body.
I'll say, it's best you don't.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Depending on how you feel
their development is coming.
>>QUITT: Right.
Because when you leave, you
become open to these things.
And I remember, when I still
had healing to do of my own--
we all still have
healing, by the way--
but when you would
leave your body,
you come back with things--
we call them cling-ons.
You come back with cling-ons.
And so now you wake up and you
have entities connected to you,
and you feel sick, you're
getting weird thoughts,
you feel very strange,
and you realize
that you left your body with
some type of distortion that
attracted these beings to
you, and you as a human being
are nothing but a doorway.
That's what a human being is.
A human being is a doorway.
So, if you open the door,
they're going to come through.
And that's where we
get these whole ideas
of demons or possession
or anything like that.
>>REGINA: Sure.
A lot of entities desire
to have this experience
in this five-sensorial realm.
>>QUITT: Yes, but
we were also talking
about these grids earlier.
And you are connected
to these grids,
and you are a doorway to
these grids and portals,
so if, let's say, you
need to help a being pass
into different
worlds of dimensions,
they can use your energy as
a doorway to these worlds.
So that's why I get woken up
in the middle of the night
by someone pulling
on the covers.
It's just someone that is stuck.
>>REGINA: So, let's talk
about your own means
of essentially just dismissing
them, telling them to move on,
and not allowing this to happen.
Because there are a lot of
people who go to bed at night
having to cast spells
against the dark forces
coming for them in their dream
time at night and so forth.
And it's very scary
and very real for them.
>>QUITT: Yeah, of course.
But let's talk about how you
simply stop that activity.
What I was taught, it has
to do with the strength
of your own energy and mind.
So if you're in
a weakened state,
you can't really do too much.
You can cast your
spells, you can do your--
>>REGINA: Chant your words.
>>QUITT: Whatever
you want to do.
It has to do with your personal
empowerment of those words,
and spells, or whatever.
So, for me, those entities,
those beings that came to me,
they were my greatest teachers.
And a lot of people
will say, oh,
that's when it's really
dark of Jason to say,
but it's not the truth.
Because these entities, or what
we would consider dark beings,
they show you what's
wrong with you.
They show you where
you're hurt, they
show you where your
trauma is, they show you
what you still carry.
>>REGINA: And they show you
where your fears are triggered.
>>QUITT: That's right.
So they trigger you to get
energy, but in the same time,
they're exposing the
thing you need to heal.
And when you understand that,
they're like your guides.
They're showing you,
hey, buddy, look,
>>REGINA: See?
I gotcha.
>>QUITT: I can still get you.
And then you say to yourself,
OK, well now I know that area,
I know that issue, I'm going
to heal that and release it.
And when you heal
it and release it,
they can't come and
grab you anymore,
because they can only grab
you from your woundedness.
They can only trigger you
from what you already hold.
So the people that actually
push these beings away,
they say that they just come
back stronger and stronger
and stronger.
>>REGINA: So you
acknowledge them, say,
what are you here to teach me?
>>QUITT: That's correct.
Before-- this took
a long time, OK?
When it would happen to me,
I would freak out, obviously,
and try to fight
them and everything.
Now if I wake up in
the middle of the night
and there's some dark
being trying to crush me,
instead of pushing
them, I embrace them.
And right when I
embrace them, it's
almost like they
transform instantly
into the most beautiful
energy, and it's almost
like you have this
enlightening, awakening, just
by the embracing of true love.
>>REGINA: Let's talk about the
entity you mentioned a long
time ago--
well, way back at the
beginning of the interview--
that, when you
confronted them and said,
are you of the light
and they said no,
why would an entity admit
that if they're there
to interfere with you?
Because I meant to pick
that thread up earlier.
>>QUITT: You know, I don't know.
The truth is, I don't know.
People have told me
there's a universal law
that they have to say their
true intentions, which
is kind of strange because--
>>REGINA: But I don't
understand, because there are
a lot of tricksters among them.
>>QUITT: Yeah they'll
come as whatever
they want to manipulate you,
and then they'll say no.
So what I believe is
that it's all a setup.
OK?
There's higher beings trying
to teach or train you,
to awaken you, and
they're allowing
you to see beyond
of what can happen.
So, for me, I take
it as a teaching.
Like, OK, I've
experienced this, so now I
know what to do if this happens
again, and I can understand it.
Maybe there is some type of
spiritual or religious aspect
to it, where they also
have a belief system.
Maybe they have-- because
it's not just a human concept,
I'm sure.
They can think a
certain way, as well.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
I mean, it seems to
me what's logical--
purely logical-- is that
we're in this place where
you can resonate at whatever
frequency you choose
or you're drawn to.
And if you have higher fields,
you're going that direction.
If your energy is
depressed or low
or has become darkened
for some reason,
then you're in resonance
with these other fields.
They're just trying to
work out their own agendas
and do what they
do in their realm.
And you're just
interfacing with it,
and that's what's giving you
that opportunity for learning.
Everyone's just
living their part.
High, low, in between.
>>QUITT: And I think, if we
take away our belief system--
because, you know, when these
beings started to come to me,
the first thing I
thought of was demons.
The first thing I thought
of was alien abductions.
And so it's all--
we already have
these programs in our minds.
And I found that those programs
are not helping the situation,
you know?
So I had to get rid
of, these are demons.
I had to get rid of, these
are alien abductions.
And I had to clear
my mind entirely
so I had no judgment
of the experience.
And instead of fighting it,
I would just go in peace.
I would literally calm myself
down and just experience.
If it was painful, I just
wanted to experience the pain.
If it was loving, I would
just experience the loving.
So, I had no bias of
what was happening,
I was just experiencing.
And when I came at
it from that angle,
suddenly everything changes.
Everything changes.
Because it's almost like
you're fighting your mind.
You're just fighting your mind.
So this being will come to you
and it will look like a shadow,
and you think, oh my
god, a shadow is dark.
So, you'll fight against
it, and you'll feel fear.
But what I realized, it was
my own fear I was fighting.
It had nothing to
do with that being.
And in fact--
>>REGINA: There's no place
to land if you didn't already
have it.
>>QUITT: That's right.
I'm talking after years
of this happening.
I did not think of
this until recently.
But once I let go
of this fear, I
realized that that
being, whoever it was--
and I just believe it's
another aspect of my soul.
That's all I believe it is.
Once I let go of
that, I realized
that this being was
just initiating me
into my multi-dimensional state.
It was just awakening
me, saying, look,
there's something outside of
you and I'm going to show you.
That's it.
>>REGINA: So, what
happens when you
have human beings
disseminating information
that various species are
trying to control us and have
been controlling us all along,
and et cetera, et cetera.
I mean, I know you're well
familiar with all of this.
And again, you already
mentioned that other species are
going to come save us, we
don't have to do anything.
What happens when you
have that propagated
into a person's field?
>>QUITT: Thank you
for asking that,
because we really don't
understand what consciousness
or our reality is.
We still don't get it.
And the thing is, is
that we are creators.
We're part of source.
And what we believe
we actually manifest
in those other dimensions.
So, if we believe in-- let's
say me and you get together
and we're going to say,
let's create this god.
We're going to give it a name--
which is very important,
to give it a name--
visualize it, give it all
its attributes, what it does,
and then tell people
about this supreme being.
Once the people start to
believe that this is real,
if it's convincing,
what you're doing is,
you're getting
people's attention--
which is energy,
their life force--
that life force is now
putting together that reality
in different dimensions.
So we can create--
I don't even know if we
should be saying this,
because it's-- but we
can create these beings,
and the people will
give it its life.
But the problem is, is
that it takes your life
to keep it going.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
And yet we have a
number of charismatics
out there telling these stories,
and people go away in fear
that we're being controlled--
they're being controlled
and there's nothing
they can do about it.
When the story goes that
direction, I have to object.
>>QUITT: But the
human condition,
for thousands of
years with religion,
the human condition
believes in that.
They've been conditioned
to that type of reality.
So when these new things
come into our existence,
or if someone creates these new
stories, it's very easy for us
to go into resonance with it and
feel that energy of that being.
People will even
start to channel them,
where they've never
existed before.
People start to get channeled
messages from those beings.
>>REGINA: That don't exist.
That are created beings,
through thought forms,
through energy, sheer energy
and mind power going into them,
just like this wall, this
set, is created through that.
>>QUITT: And what if
every human on this planet
was born with the
knowledge that they
have this power of co-creation?
>>REGINA: And that's why I think
it's so important for various,
more devious
agendas, to make sure
that we do not wake
up to our capacities.
Because I think we're
an awesome species.
>>QUITT: Oh, yes.
And people always ask
me, what's the point?
Why are these things trying
to steer us in a direction?
It's because they can't
manifest their reality.
>>REGINA: Our
creative capacities
are so far beyond so many
other dimensions of beings.
>>QUITT: So, in a
sense, we are being
used to create
somebody else's vision.
And that is extremely
important to understand,
because once we realize that
this reality we're living in
is somebody else's vision,
then we can come together
as a collective and say, how
can we dream a reality, if we
have this power?
>>REGINA: Exactly.
Now, that's beautiful.
Well said.
We only have a few minutes left.
We haven't even gotten to
the notion of time and space.
Let's just talk a little
bit about parallel timelines
and our being as living
multiple lives simultaneously.
In three or five minutes.
You'll come back and we'll talk
about the rest of the story
later.
>>QUITT: Oh, sure.
Yes.
We live in multiple
worlds, multiple universes,
multiple dimensions.
Our consciousness is in
those things simultaneously.
And there is separation
of consciousness, which is
very, very good, by the way--
you do not want bleed-throughs
of these other lives.
And when we are in
the physical world,
we can call this
horizontal time,
we're moving through
time and space.
When you leave your body,
we call this vertical time,
and we can jump
through time and space.
And what I personally believe,
after all these years,
is that these higher
beings could actually
insert their consciousness
into any time period
through time and space,
become physical, or incarnate,
in those places, change
something, do something,
and alter the flow of time.
And then they can leave time
and see how what they did
changed the future, and then can
keep inserting themselves back
to create some new
form of energy,
or new form of consciousness.
So it's a continual regeneration
of the consciousness.
>>REGINA: Like "Back
to the Future".
The film "Back to the Future."
changing your own timeline's
reality, potentially.
>>QUITT: Oh, yes.
But we're talking about
multiple universes.
We're talking about
multiple timelines.
For example, I had
this crazy thing
happen where it's like
I woke up in the future,
and it was almost like I
was just me in the future.
And then when I
came back here, I
was it was really messing with
my mind trying to figure out,
am I in the past?
Did I just come
back in the past,
or was I in-- are we
living in the future?
Are we living in the past?
I couldn't distinguish where
we were in these timelines.
>>REGINA: That's fascinating.
And I mean, this has
a lot of implications.
But one thing we have to
mention before we finish
is that somewhere, when you were
in another frame of reference,
so to speak, you were
also given tools.
Because part of this is, we've
talked about in the beginning,
is about healing.
And you were given these
beautiful postures,
and hand positions and postures
that the Egyptians used.
Talk about it a little
bit, because we're
going to do another
show on that later.
>>QUITT: Of course.
And these beings said to
me, I needed to heal myself.
That was the most important
thing I needed to learn,
is how to heal myself.
And I started to be taken
back to Egypt in journeys,
and I'd be projected there,
and I'd just be in a temple
with a being standing
in front of me
that looked like the
statues, like a pharaoh,
and they'd be
holding the posture.
There would be no
conversation, I
would just stand
in front of them
and copy whatever
they did, and when
I did that, this thing
opened up above my head.
And it felt like a
waterfall of solar energy
going through my whole
body, and it was so powerful
that when I came back I
would document these trips.
And eventually it turned
into a whole system.
And as I started to practice
it, it changed my whole life.
And that's where I actually
started in this journey,
is trying to show people what
I learned from these postures.
And I still use them today, I
still teach them everywhere,
and for me, it feels very good.
Because we could talk about
spirituality and consciousness
all the time, but for
me, it's not about that.
It's the physicality.
>>REGINA: It is, the
embodiment of it.
>>QUITT: You have
to do these things.
It's called the
spiritual practice
because you've got to practice.
So, as I practiced
these postures,
I could see and notice
profound effects
starting to shift and
happen all around me.
And we can talk
all about those--
>>REGINA: We'll do that
in the next conversations,
but you have written a
book, so we're going to--
I'm going to-- any final,
teeny little thought
that just takes a second or so
that you'd like to give to us?
>>QUITT: I'll just
say, I've been
doing this for a long time,
and after all this time,
the answers are not
the important things.
It's the questions.
And it's the right questions.
And it's the questions that
drive us forward and awaken us.
So, when you receive
an answer, don't stop
because you think you know it.
Because what I
realized is, truth
changes with your
perception of reality.
So keep questioning everything.
>>REGINA: I agree
with that 100%.
It's been a pleasure,
Jason, and we
will get into that next
time, but meanwhile, we'll
talk about your book now.
Thanks again.
>>QUITT: Thank you.
>>REGINA: Jason's book is
called "Egyptian Postures
of the Power".
He has another one called
"Forbidden Knowledge",
very fascinating, as well.
Both available at major
booksellers, along with a DVD.
Until next time.
Thank you for joining
us here on Open minds.
[MUSIC PLAYING]